# HediffCompProperties_MaxHPAdjust

The EBF introduces `HediffCompProperties_MaxHPAdjust` as a common `HediffCompProperties` for other modders to designate body part max HP changes for their `Hediff`s.

Please refer to the appendix in the README.md file for learning how to add `HediffCompProperties` to your `Hediff` in general.

Please note that the full designation of the Hediff is `EBF.Hediffs.HediffCompProperties_MaxHPAdjust`. Make sure you get this correct.

Under EBF, the formula to calculate a body part's max HP is:

`maxHpFromDef * pawn.bodySize * product(all factors generated by scaleAdjustment) + sum(all values from linearAdjustment)`

Note that `maxHpFromDef * pawn.bodySize` is how vanilla calculates a body part's max HP.

Also note that any linear adjustments will be applied only after all scale adjustments from all MaxHPAdjust hediffs of the same body part are applied.

There are currently 2 properties under `HediffCompProperties_MaxHPAdjust`.
## `linearAdjustment`
Takes an integer: the `Hediff` will offset the body part max HP by this value; defaults to 0 if not set.

Note: the offset is applied *after* the consideration of the pawn's body size. For example, if you stated `+30 linearAdjustment`, and applied the `Hediff` to a Colonist and a Thrumbo, you will see that both the Colonist and the Thrumbo will get the same "+30 max HP" buff.

## `scaleAdjustment`
Takes a float: the `Hediff` will scale the body part max HP by this value; defaults to 0 if not set.

The max HP will be scaled according to these rules:
- If the value is 0, then no change.
- If the value is not larger than -1, then no change (value rejected)
- All other values will scale the max HP by a factor of (`scaleAdjustment` + 1)
  - Example: a value of `0.1` will give a factor of `1.1`; new max HP is 1.1 times of original
  - Example: a value of `-0.6` will give a factor of `0.4`; new max HP is 0.4 times of original
  - Example: a value of `2` will give a factor of `3` (but please don't do that, it will be OP)

Note: this scaling adjustment is stackable with the vanilla body size scaling. Giving the same ×150% scaling adjustment to a Colonist and a Thrumo will result in different max body part HP values for both pawns.